Change plan for promoTile (Promo Tile), read at the deploy rung.
  Guide page: How to use a Promo Tile
  Stored signature: sha256:promotileasgenerated, recorded at the deploy rung.
  Current signature: sha256:promotilewithbody
  The stored signature differs from the source's current signature: the component
  changed shape after this guide was generated, so every machine-owned field is
  regenerated below.

A model call is needed, and not for prose. 1 machine-owned field carries content the
spell renders in the project's own markup. No prose on a guide page is regenerated at
all: a prose field is written once, when the page is created, and this script never
rewrites one afterwards — so whether each one carries words yet is reported below.

Machine-owned, regenerated and proposed for approval: 2
  Regenerated when the source signature changes, shown as a difference against the
  current value, and written only after a person approves it. This script writes
  nothing.
  Two kinds of proposal, named per field below:
    computed here — a value produced in full; write it as it stands.
    content computed here — the rows are deterministic and the markup is not, so the
      spell renders them from the project's own components. This toolkit ships no
      markup.
  Every value is printed as the page carries it, never wrapped and never shortened: a
  value nobody can read whole is a value nobody can approve.
    guideSource: computed here
      current:
        alias: promoTile
        kind: element
        signature: sha256:promotileasgenerated
        rung: deploy
      proposed:
        alias: promoTile
        kind: element
        signature: sha256:promotilewithbody
        rung: deploy
    guideProperties: content computed here, markup rendered by the spell
      changes:
        This page stores its property table as one value rather than as rows, so the two sides
        cannot be compared field by field and no summary of what changed is available here.
        The spell renders the table from the project's own components; a page rebuilt with a
        property row list gets an added/removed/changed summary instead of this note.

Left alone: 5
  Written when the page was created and never touched again. Reported when it may have
  gone stale, never replaced: what somebody wrote is their work, not a value to
  overwrite.
  The page's own name, address and visibility settings, the editorial levers, the media
  a person uploaded, and every field this register does not name.
  Every value below is reproduced exactly as the page carries it, which is what "left
  alone" means here: this plan proposes no write against any of them.
    guidePurpose (seeded-once)
      Use a promo tile to point at something an editor wants noticed.
    guideExamples (seeded-once)
      <promo-tile>two instances an editor arranged</promo-tile>
    guideScreenshots (never-touched)
      umb://media/aaaa1111aaaa1111aaaa111111111111
    guideBlurb (never-touched)
      The tile that points at something.
    name (never-touched)
      How to use a Promo Tile

Seeded once, and never written on this page:
  Written when a page is created and never again, so a run against a page that already
  exists has no occasion to write it: this is reported and proposed nowhere. The page was
  created without it, and it stays empty until a person writes one.
    guideWhenToUse (seeded-once)

Live examples the source's variant set implies: 1
  Seeded once, when the page is created, and never re-seeded: an editor arranges these
  instances, and an arrangement is a person's work rather than a value to overwrite. The
  set is derived from the source's own variation axis, and the rule that derived it is
  printed with it — a wrong rule has to be visible beside the number it produced.
  No property on this component carries an option list and none of them is a toggle,
  so the source records no variation to enumerate: one instance of the component
  itself, which is the least a guide page can show an editor.
    (one instance, nothing set — the CMS applies its own defaults)
  The instance above sets nothing, so its values are whatever the CMS applies. This
  script records no default for an option list or a toggle — two real projects carry
  none — so it has none to apply and does not invent one: the values that instance
  ends up with are the CMS's, not this plan's.
  This page already carries an arrangement, so nothing above is seeded and nothing
  above is proposed: the set is listed to be read beside what is on the page. Which
  variants that arrangement holds is not something this script can read — an
  arrangement is markup or a block list, and it is a person's work either way.
  This component records no variation axis now, and the stored signature says its schema
  moved since this page was seeded — so the arrangement on the page may be built from an
  option list the component no longer carries. Which of those it is cannot be read here,
  and the arrangement is left alone either way — this prints so a person goes and looks.

Nothing was written. This document is a proposal: every write happens in the spell,
after a person approves it.
